feat: add Enterprise license with bootstrap implementation (#11153)
datafuselabs/databend: licenses/README.md

Reviewer: I'd suggest you move this file as `LICENSE` in the root path and remove the `# FAQ` heading, so that this serves as the effective license.

# FAQ

> There are 2 licenses for Databend. Apache 2.0 covers our core and Elastic Version 2
> which covers enterprise features.
> 
> 1. [Apache 2.0](apache.md): The intent is to allow any use of the none enterprise features on Databend under apache 2.0 license
> 
> 2. [Elactic 2.0](elastic_v2.md): Elastic License Version 2.0 - is intended to allow you to use enterprise features
>    that you pay for. Please contact use on https://www.databend.com/contact-us/ for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databend is released under a combination of two licenses:

1. [Apache-2.0](apache.md). The portion licensed by Apache License 2.0 allows any use of Databend, excluding enterprise features.

2. [Elactic](elastic_v2.md). The portion licensed by Elastic License 2.0 allows you to use enterprise features with a paid license key. Please contact us at https://www.databend.com/contact-us/ for more details.
```
